add example for code mounting with cdk (#1170)
localstack/docs: content/en/user-guide/aws/ecs/index.md

    volumes=[{"host": {"sourcePath": "/host/path"}, "name": "test-volume"}],
)
```

### CDK example

> The same functionality can be achieved in CDK following this example:

Reviewer: Small wording suggestion

```suggestion
The same functionality can be achieved with the AWS CDK following this (Python) example:
```

> ```python
> task_definition = ecs.TaskDefinition(
>         ...
>         volumes=[
>                 ecs.Volume(name="test-volume", host=ecs.Host(source_path="/host/path"))
>         ]
> )
> 
> container = task_def.add_container(...)
> 
> container.add_mount_points(
>         ecs.MountPoint(
>                 container_path="/container/path",
>                 source_volume="test-volume",
>         ),
> )
> ```

Reviewer: Are you mad, do you use 8 space indenting?!?!?! 😂 

```suggestion
```python
task_definition = ecs.TaskDefinition(
    ...
    volumes=[
        ecs.Volume(name="test-volume", host=ecs.Host(source_path="/host/path"))
    ]
)

container = task_def.add_container(...)

container.add_mount_points(
    ecs.MountPoint(
        container_path="/container/path",
        source_volume="test-volume",
    ),
)
```
```

Author: Not entirely sure how I ended up with that spacing 😂
